# Assignment-1---Artfolio
With Artfolio my goal was to maintain simplicity yet not be too basic. The main goal of this website was to show the 30mff video we took in class, whihc is the reason it is presented and autoplays on the main page of the website. One of my favorite websites are ones that have one page and long vertical content to scroll through, for example:http://cyclemon.com. In their wesbite, they were able to keep the focus on their product (bicycles) yet through a fun way using digital art. Which mostly inspired me to create mine, and make the carousel on the page named "digital art".
I would say making this website was a lengthy process due to my indecisivness. I wanted to do so much and so little at once which is very difficuilt. I started my website creating process by creating a very simple banner and linking the 3 pages of the website together. I then moved on to adding a video and made it autoplay as soon as you click on the website. I was very unsure how to proceed after those steps and decided to make this wesbite also portray digital art, so I had some ideas of digital art which I created using Canva Pro. I decided to present those pieces through a carousel using css. I had to shuffle through several tutorials and videos trying to find the best way to create a vertical carousel with a scroll and snap property but it was not turning out like I wanted, so I resorted to creating a horizontal carousel with a scroll and snap property instead. For my last wesbite page I created a form where people can submit their art to be posted on the website which I think is a nice touch to add to a website and really makes it stand out from the rest.
It is safe to say that my initial idea is no where close to what I ended up creating. One of my biggest problems is indesicevness and over reaching, which is definitely not helpful when it comes to website creation. My initial idea was to make my website more of a social media platfrom for people to sign up and post content, yet I realized that wouldn't really help to explain my video and would even do the opposite. I tried to head to the same direction by adding the forum where people can present their work instead. Another idea I had initially was the excessive sections and ideas. Instead, I opted towards a more clean and simple looking website which I prefer way more. I would say my smaller goals weren't necessarily met, but the bigger goal of promoting the video is a goal I achieved. 
